README.md, before:

#  Build An Alexa Quiz Game Skill 🇺🇸
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

[![Voice User Interface](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/1-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/1-voice-user-interface.md)[![Lambda Function](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/2-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/2-lambda-function.md)[![Connect VUI to Code](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/3-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/3-connect-vui-to-code.md)[![Testing](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/4-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/4-testing.md)[![Customization](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/5-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/5-customization.md)[![Publication](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/6-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/6-publication.md)

This Alexa sample skill is a template for a basic quiz game skill. Provided a list of interesting facts about a topic, Alexa will quiz a user with facts from the list.

You can see an example of this skill in action - just enable the [United States Quiz](https://www.amazon.com/Jeff-Blankenburg-United-States-Quiz/dp/B06X9GQBRL) from the [Alexa app](http://amazon.com/skills).

To **Get Started** click the button below:

[![Get Started](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/db9b9ce26327ad3bac57ec4daf0961a382d75790/68747470733a2f2f6d2e6d656469612d616d617a6f6e2e636f6d2f696d616765732f472f30312f6d6f62696c652d617070732f6465782f616c6578612f616c6578612d736b696c6c732d6b69742f7475746f7269616c732f67656e6572616c2f627574746f6e732f627574746f6e5f6765745f737461727465642e5f5454485f2e706e67)](./instructions/1-voice-user-interface.md)

Or click [here](./instructions/7-cli.md) for instructions using the ASK CLI (command line interface).

## Additional Resources

### Community
* [Amazon Developer Forums](https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html) - Join the conversation!
* [Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/amazon-alexa) - See what others are building with Alexa.

### Tutorials & Guides
* [Voice Design Guide](https://developer.amazon.com/designing-for-voice/) - A great resource for learning conversational and voice user interface design.
* [Codecademy: Learn Alexa](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-alexa) - Learn how to build an Alexa Skill from within your browser with this beginner friendly tutorial on Codecademy!
* [Situation Design for Quiz Skill](https://s3.amazonaws.com/ask-samples-resources/templates/situational-design-quiz-skill.pptx) - step through the design of the quiz skill, and how it handles different situations.  Apply it to your skill too!  Also available in [PDF](https://s3.amazonaws.com/ask-samples-resources/templates/situational-design-quiz-skill.pdf).

### Documentation
* [Official Alexa Skills Kit Node.js SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ask-sdk) - The Official Node.js SDK Documentation
*  [Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/ask-overviews/build-skills-with-the-alexa-skills-kit.html) - Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation

Commit message:

refactored instructions for Alexa Hosted

README.md, after:

#  Build An Alexa Quiz Game Skill 🇺🇸
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

This Alexa sample skill is a template for a basic quiz game skill. Provided a list of interesting facts about a topic, Alexa will quiz a user with facts from the list.

You can see an example of this skill in action - just enable the [United States Quiz](https://www.amazon.com/Jeff-Blankenburg-United-States-Quiz/dp/B06X9GQBRL) from the [Alexa app](http://amazon.com/skills).

## Skill Architecture
Each skill consists of two basic parts, a front end and a back end.
The front end is the voice interface, or VUI.
The voice interface is configured through the voice interaction model.
The back end is where the logic of your skill resides.

## Three Options for Skill Setup
There are a number of different ways for you to setup your skill, depending on your experience and what tools you have available.

 * If this is your first skill, choose the [Alexa-Hosted backend instructions](./instructions/setup-vui-alexa-hosted.md) to get started quickly.
 * If you want to manage the backend resources in your own AWS account, you can follow the [AWS-Hosted instructions](./instructions/setup-vui-aws-hosted.md).
 * Developers with the ASK Command Line Interface configured may follow the [ASK CLI instructions](./instructions/cli.md).

---

## Additional Resources

### Community
* [Amazon Developer Forums](https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html) - Join the conversation!
* [Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/amazon-alexa) - See what others are building with Alexa.

### Tutorials & Guides
* [Voice Design Guide](https://developer.amazon.com/designing-for-voice/) - A great resource for learning conversational and voice user interface design.
* [Codecademy: Learn Alexa](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-alexa) - Learn how to build an Alexa Skill from within your browser with this beginner friendly tutorial on Codecademy!
* [Situation Design for Quiz Skill](https://s3.amazonaws.com/ask-samples-resources/templates/situational-design-quiz-skill.pptx) - step through the design of the quiz skill, and how it handles different situations.  Apply it to your skill too!  Also available in [PDF](https://s3.amazonaws.com/ask-samples-resources/templates/situational-design-quiz-skill.pdf).

### Documentation
* [Official Alexa Skills Kit Node.js SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ask-sdk) - The Official Node.js SDK Documentation
*  [Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/ask-overviews/build-skills-with-the-alexa-skills-kit.html) - Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation
