instructions/customize-skill-content.md, before:

# Build An Alexa Quiz Game Skill
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

## Customize the Skill to be Yours

At this point, you should have a working copy of our Quiz Game skill.  In order to make it your own, you will need to customize it with data and responses that you create.  Here are the things you will need to change:

1.  **New data.** You will need to provide a set of quiz game for your topic.  We recommend a minimum of 25, but a total closer to 100 offers a better experience.

    1.  **Open a copy of index.js.** If you haven't already downloaded the code for this project, you can find a copy of index.js [here](../lambda/custom/index.js).  You can use a simple, lightweight code editor like [Atom](http://atom.io), [Sublime Text](http://sublimetext.com), or [VSCode](http://code.visualstudio.com), but you also have the option to edit the code directly in your Alexa-hosted or AWS-hosted Lambda function.

    2.  **Search for the comment "TODO: Replace this data with your own."**  This is the data for our skill.  You can see that it is a simple list of facts.

    3.  **When you have replaced the data in index.js, copy the contents of your file to your Lambda function.**  This should be as done in the same way as when you first created the skill (if you're not editing directly).

2.  **New sentences to respond to your users.** There are several sentences and responses that you will want to customize for your skill.

    1.  **Go back to your copy of [index.js](../lambda/custom/index.js).**

    2.  **Look for the comment "TODO: The items below this comment need your attention."** This is the beginning of the section where you need to customize several text strings for your skill.

    3.  **Continue through index.js until you reach the bottom of the file.**  This will ensure that you cover each of the values that you need to update.

3.  **New language.** If you are creating this skill for another language other than English, you will need to make sure Alexa's responses are also in that language.

    *  For example, if you are creating your skill in German, every single response that Alexa makes has to be in German.  You can't use English responses or your skill will fail certification.

4.  **Once you have made the updates listed on this page, you can click "Next" to move on to Publishing and Certification of your skill.**

[![Next Publication](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/buttons/button_next_publication._TTH_.png)](./submit-for-certification.md)

Commit message:

[ ADD / DELETE ] removed old instructions files and reworked existing ones to meet document spec

instructions/customize-skill-content.md, after:

# Build An Alexa Quiz Game Skill
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

Build an engaging skill that quizes a user with facts about any topic. Alexa will quiz the user with these facts at random and test their knowledge.

## Customize the Skill to be Yours

At this point, you should have a working copy of our Quiz Game skill.  In order to make it your own, you will need to customize it with data and responses that you create.  Here are the things you will need to change:

1.  **New sentences to respond to your users.** There are several sentences and responses that you will want to customize for your skill.

    1. Navigate to the **Code** tab again, and expand the project folder on the left to `Skill Code/lambda`.

    2. Open **[index.js](../lambda/custom/index.js)**

    3. We are going to be focusing on the contents of lines `358-362`, which contain the response strings used by the Skill. In this example, we are going to change the `exitSkillMessage`, said when the user is exiting the skill, to "Thanks for playing, come back later to test your knowledge!". This would result in the following change:

    Before:
     ```js
    const welcomeMessage = `Welcome to the United States Quiz Game!  You can ask me about any of the fifty states and their capitals, or you can ask me to start a quiz.  What would you like to do?`;
    const startQuizMessage = `OK.  I will ask you 10 questions about the United States. `;
    const exitSkillMessage = `Thank you for playing the United States Quiz Game!  Let's play again soon!`;
    const repromptSpeech = `Which other state or capital would you like to know about?`;
    const helpMessage = `I know lots of things about the United States.  You can ask me about a state or a capital, and I'll tell you what I know.  You can also test your knowledge by asking me to start a quiz.  What would you like to do?`;
    ```

    After:
     ```js
    const welcomeMessage = `Welcome to the United States Quiz Game!  You can ask me about any of the fifty states and their capitals, or you can ask me to start a quiz.  What would you like to do?`;
    const startQuizMessage = `OK.  I will ask you 10 questions about the United States. `;
    const exitSkillMessage = `Thanks for playing, come back later to test your knowledge!`; // <-- CHANGED
    const repromptSpeech = `Which other state or capital would you like to know about?`;
    const helpMessage = `I know lots of things about the United States.  You can ask me about a state or a capital, and I'll tell you what I know.  You can also test your knowledge by asking me to start a quiz.  What would you like to do?`;
    ```

     After you're done editing all of the files necessary, as before, make sure to press **Save**, **Deploy**, and navigate back to the **Testing** tab. When you relaunch the quiz skill and exit, Alexa will say "Thanks for playing, come back later to test your knowledge!" instead of "Thank you for playing the United States Quiz Game! Let's play again soon!". You can edit more than just the `exitSkillMessage`, so feel free to customize all of the messages to make it your own!

2.  **New language.** If you are creating this skill for another language other than English, you will need to make sure Alexa's responses are also in that language.

    - For example, if you are creating your skill in German, every single response that Alexa makes has to be in German. You can't use English responses or your skill will fail certification.

3. **Once you have customized the skill's data, languages and/or sentences, return to the [Amazon Developer Portal](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa/console/ask?&sc_category=Owned&sc_channel=RD&sc_campaign=Evangelism2018&sc_publisher=github&sc_content=Survey&sc_detail=fact-nodejs-V2_GUI-5&sc_funnel=Convert&sc_country=WW&sc_medium=Owned_RD_Evangelism2018_github_Survey_fact-nodejs-V2_GUI-5_Convert_WW_beginnersdevs&sc_segment=beginnersdevs) and select your skill from the list.**

4.  **Click on "Distribution" in the top navigation to move on to the publishing and certification of your skill.**


[![Next](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/buttons/button_next_publication._TTH_.png)](./submit-for-certification.md)
